README.md, before:

# 💫 TBA

<!-- Background github cover with short introduction down below 
<img src="https://github.com/flexycode/CTINFMGL/blob/main/asset/Information-Management.png" />
-->

### Team Name: [Artificial Ledger Technology](https://github.com/flexycode)    
### Subject & Section: [CCSFEN1L - COM232](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFqxDrmQLnQ&list=RDfFqxDrmQLnQ&start_radio=1)
### Schedule: [MON 3:00PM - 05:40 PM 517 MB - THU 03:00PM - 07:00 PM 408 MB](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL7Vn7hJDAk&list=RDdL7Vn7hJDAk&start_radio=1)
### Professor: [Eliseo Q. Ramirez](https://github.com/)     
### No. of Units: [3 Units](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVJSA2N39NU&list=RDUVJSA2N39NU&start_radio=1)
### Prerequisite: [CCDATRCL - DATA STRUCTURES AND ALGORITHMS](https://github.com/flexycode/CCDATRCL)
### Course Subject Link: [Click Here](https://github.com/flexycode/CCSFEN1L)

<!-- 🤖 Software Engineering 🤖 -->
<div align="center">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPWVjZjA1ZTQ3NTRmeHg0b2kwaW1qeGtvaDFjenpxdXB4YThyZzhjampncWRncnZsbCZlcD12MV9zdGlja2Vyc19zZWFyY2gmY3Q9cw/Y06e2KFCG48qwNMGK2/giphy.gif" width="250">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPWVjZjA1ZTQ3end4eTE0ejQxNG0wbml6anVmcW02NG4zeG1kMTVkcThwdmg1YTViZyZlcD12MV9zdGlja2Vyc19zZWFyY2gmY3Q9cw/nVId9DzWXVjMQc6SMn/giphy.gif" width="300">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPWVjZjA1ZTQ3eHhhY3k5bjZ2cjh6eHI5c253YTk1M29wcGI4MWkzYng4OGhyN3huaCZlcD12MV9zdGlja2Vyc19zZWFyY2gmY3Q9cw/yWYjFi5Uh6ehJrJ4Rc/giphy.gif" width="250">
</div>

<!-- Introduction down below -->
# 🧠 [Introduction](#introduction)

```
Coming Soon
```

## 🏦 Case Study:
```
Coming Soon
```

<!-- Techstacks down below (temporary need some proper decision for the group team in order to inlign for the project -->
## 💻 Techstacks # 1

```
coming soon
```

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Technology Stack](#technology-stack)
- [System Design](#system-design)
- [Implementation](#implementation)
- [Evaluation](#evaluation)
- [System Architecture](#system-architecture)
- [Database Schema (ERD)](#database-schema)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Authentication](#authentication)
- [User Roles](#user-roles)
- [Application Flow](#application-flow)
- [Contributing](#contributing)


<!-- Always document your changes, pull-request, bugfix, updates, patch notes for this final project. Always use this "🧊 Flight Booking" for commiting message for "pushing code" or "Pull-request"   -->
# 📫 Changelogs 
Chronological list of updates, bug fixes, new features, and other modifications for ```name of the project```.

### 📦 Version 1.0.0 - Augst 14, 2025
**Project Initialization**
- ✨ Created initial repository structure
- ✨ Set up project folder organization
- ✨ Established development workflow
- 🔧 Initial project configuration and setup

### 📊 Version 1.0.1 - TBA
**Design & Architecture**
- ✨ TBA
- 📋 TBA
- 📁 TBA
- 🗄️ TBA
- 🍃 TBA
- 📖 TBA


---

**Legend:**
- ✨ New Feature
- 🔄 Changed/Updated
- 🐛 Bug Fix
- 🔧 Technical Improvement
- 📖 Documentation
- 🎨 UI/UX Enhancement
- 🔐 Security
- 📊 Data/Analytics
- 🚀 Performance

---

🧊 CCSFEN1L FINAL PROJECT

<!-- Introduction Pannel button link, it will redirect to the top -->

#### [Back to Table of Content](#-introduction)


<!-- End point line insert Thanks for visiting enjoy your day, feel free to modify this  -->
---

<p align="center">
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?lines=Thanks+For+Visiting+Enjoy+Your+Day+~!;" alt="mystreak"/>
</p>

<!-- Siero Miero -->
<div align="center">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExYmxsYm56NWNjMWJzZmtoc2Fkb25ucnBvNXU4emd5cGphY3V0bGNwaSZlcD12MV9zdGlja2Vyc19zZWFyY2gmY3Q9cw/nD0DiLJXj9c5Tg7QFk/giphy.gif" width="300">
</div>

<!-- End point line insert Comeback again next time, feel free to modify this  -->
<p align="center">
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?lines=Come+Back+Again+next+time" alt="mystreak"/>
</p>

</p>

Commit message:

🧊 CCSFEN1L FINAL PROJECT
- Introduction for this Project
- Define the Case Study including the challenges and proposed solution

README.md, after:

# 💫 Document Tracking System (DTS)

<!-- Background github cover with short introduction down below 
<img src="https://github.com/flexycode/CTINFMGL/blob/main/asset/Information-Management.png" />
-->

### Team Name: [Artificial Ledger Technology](https://github.com/flexycode)    
### Subject & Section: [CCSFEN1L - COM232](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFqxDrmQLnQ&list=RDfFqxDrmQLnQ&start_radio=1)
### Schedule: [MON 3:00PM - 05:40 PM 517 MB - THU 03:00PM - 07:00 PM 408 MB](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL7Vn7hJDAk&list=RDdL7Vn7hJDAk&start_radio=1)
### Professor: [Eliseo Q. Ramirez](https://github.com/)     
### No. of Units: [3 Units](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVJSA2N39NU&list=RDUVJSA2N39NU&start_radio=1)
### Prerequisite: [CCDATRCL - DATA STRUCTURES AND ALGORITHMS](https://github.com/flexycode/CCDATRCL)
### Course Subject Link: [Click Here](https://github.com/flexycode/CCSFEN1L)

<!-- 🤖 Software Engineering 🤖 -->
<div align="center">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPWVjZjA1ZTQ3NTRmeHg0b2kwaW1qeGtvaDFjenpxdXB4YThyZzhjampncWRncnZsbCZlcD12MV9zdGlja2Vyc19zZWFyY2gmY3Q9cw/Y06e2KFCG48qwNMGK2/giphy.gif" width="250">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPWVjZjA1ZTQ3end4eTE0ejQxNG0wbml6anVmcW02NG4zeG1kMTVkcThwdmg1YTViZyZlcD12MV9zdGlja2Vyc19zZWFyY2gmY3Q9cw/nVId9DzWXVjMQc6SMn/giphy.gif" width="300">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPWVjZjA1ZTQ3eHhhY3k5bjZ2cjh6eHI5c253YTk1M29wcGI4MWkzYng4OGhyN3huaCZlcD12MV9zdGlja2Vyc19zZWFyY2gmY3Q9cw/yWYjFi5Uh6ehJrJ4Rc/giphy.gif" width="250">
</div>

<!-- Introduction down below -->
# 🧠 [Introduction](#introduction)

The **Document Tracking System (DTS)** is a comprehensive digital solution designed to modernize and optimize the tracking of official documents and memoranda within government institutions. This project aims to replace traditional manual document handling processes with a centralized, role-based platform that enables real-time monitoring and transparent document routing.
Built specifically for the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency – National Capital Region (PDEA-NCR), the system facilitates faster document retrieval, minimizes search time, and reduces reliance on physical document handling while ensuring enhanced accountability and transparency.

## 🏦 Case Study:PDEA-NCR Document Management

### Current Challenges:

* **Manual Processing:** Traditional paper-based document routing leading to inefficiencies
* **Lack of Traceability:** Difficulty in tracking document status and location
* **Misplaced Files:** Risk of losing important documents in manual systems
* **Processing Delays:** Slow document approval and routing processes
* **Limited Accountability:** Insufficient audit trails for document handling

### Proposed Solution:
A centralized digital platform that streamlines document workflow across various divisions and sections within PDEA-NCR, providing real-time status updates and comprehensive tracking capabilities.

<!-- Techstacks down below (temporary need some proper decision for the group team in order to inlign for the project -->
## 💻 Techstacks Stack Options

```
coming soon
```

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Technology Stack](#technology-stack)
- [System Design](#system-design)
- [Implementation](#implementation)
- [Evaluation](#evaluation)
- [System Architecture](#system-architecture)
- [Database Schema (ERD)](#database-schema)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Authentication](#authentication)
- [User Roles](#user-roles)
- [Application Flow](#application-flow)
- [Contributing](#contributing)


<!-- Always document your changes, pull-request, bugfix, updates, patch notes for this final project. Always use this "🧊 Flight Booking" for commiting message for "pushing code" or "Pull-request"   -->
# 📫 Changelogs 
Chronological list of updates, bug fixes, new features, and other modifications for ```name of the project```.

### 📦 Version 1.0.0 - Augst 14, 2025
**Project Initialization**
- ✨ Created initial repository structure
- ✨ Set up project folder organization
- ✨ Established development workflow
- 🔧 Initial project configuration and setup

### 📊 Version 1.0.1 - TBA
**Design & Architecture**
- ✨ TBA
- 📋 TBA
- 📁 TBA
- 🗄️ TBA
- 🍃 TBA
- 📖 TBA


---

**Legend:**
- ✨ New Feature
- 🔄 Changed/Updated
- 🐛 Bug Fix
- 🔧 Technical Improvement
- 📖 Documentation
- 🎨 UI/UX Enhancement
- 🔐 Security
- 📊 Data/Analytics
- 🚀 Performance

---

🧊 CCSFEN1L FINAL PROJECT

<!-- Introduction Pannel button link, it will redirect to the top -->

#### [Back to Table of Content](#-introduction)


<!-- End point line insert Thanks for visiting enjoy your day, feel free to modify this  -->
---

<p align="center">
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?lines=Thanks+For+Visiting+Enjoy+Your+Day+~!;" alt="mystreak"/>
</p>

<!-- Siero Miero -->
<div align="center">
<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExYmxsYm56NWNjMWJzZmtoc2Fkb25ucnBvNXU4emd5cGphY3V0bGNwaSZlcD12MV9zdGlja2Vyc19zZWFyY2gmY3Q9cw/nD0DiLJXj9c5Tg7QFk/giphy.gif" width="300">
</div>

<!-- End point line insert Comeback again next time, feel free to modify this  -->
<p align="center">
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com/?lines=Come+Back+Again+next+time" alt="mystreak"/>
</p>

</p>
